- [ ] Aviva Flex
	- Needs password sent to me
- [ ] Create Snowflake access diagram
- [x] Contact Philip Boyd - testing
- [x] Contact pricing people - Pooja message
- [ ] Where to put holidays?
- [ ] Check SF network restrictions
- [ ] Read up on dbt vault
- [ ] Update obsidian vault with tech notes
- [ ] Go through the miro boards sent by Elle


## Ed Catchup
- All systems are tightly coupled, we receive a stream of data from trunk of system, not each service, what we have is basically on dynamo. 
- Data is sent from Snowflake back into dynamo (?)
- Reliance on snowflake as solution for lots of things 
- Does this drive the refresh cadence? How we manage a reporting system is very different to how we manage operational system. 

## Neeraj Catch Up
- Whole load of views in data unloads created manually
- Tasks are deployed manually, tried on cron schedules

## Laptop Issues
- Can't install gpg to sign commits - from browser
- No docker
- Nothing on homebrew
- No python


Hi Neil, just a note on the laptop permissions. I'm concerned the approach from the IT team that look after WSS might just be give us the list of things you need to be able to download, but this is going to keep growing and changing, so isn't particularly practical, especially if the software engineer teams are also due to move onto domain joined macs. But will wait and see what they say. 

I also think there's a bit of a disconnect in what the requirements are for the data team vs the rest of the engineering team. There's people been a bit of a skills gap in the data team



